// TITLE:
Gravity Core
This branch is used just for school, and will not be developed after the
next week.  This is a fork, made as a puzzle game rather than an adventure.

// PREMISE:
In the near future (the next few hundred years), there is a large space station
that orbits the sun, somewhere between Earth and Mars.  This is a very advanced
space station, but has many experimental features (things that can only have
been tested in a zero-gravity environment).  The space station has a magnetic
field and a rudimentary atmosphere, both a positive side-effect of the Cores
(to be explained later).  The atmosphere does not sustain life, but, along with
the magnetic field, operates as a shield from solar radiation and particles.
The most interesting part of this space station is that it has artificial
gravity.  The gravity is maintained by a matrix of supermassive, spherical
objects called Cores.  The unstable nature of these cores requires for the
compartment which contains them to be several times larger than the rest of the
ship.  Because of instability, as well as a jarring by a small, uncharted
asteroid, the cores shift in position.  Certain portions of the ship suffer
from extreme gravity, while others experience almost no direct gravity.  The
chief maintenance and engineer of these cores, Al Hawking, can not remotely
operate them due to damaged equipment, and must therefore venture underneath
the ship and perform manual maintenance on the cores.

The Cores are composed of a (comparatively) thin iron shell which has a lead
layer.  This shell is wired to the ship and is normally remotely controllable.
The shell is internally wired with electromagnets.  The iron shell contains a
vacuum, and suspended in a powerful magnetic field in this vacuum is a smaller,
solid iron sphere.  The sphere is rapidly rotated by these magnets by artificial
tidal forces, and it is rotated quickly enough to, by relativity, increase in
energy and mass enough to generate a gravitational pull and a strong magnetic
field, which is partially dissipated by the lead layer.  This gravitational pull
generates a small black hole in the center which helps to keep the floating
sphere from destroying itself.

// CONTROLS:
Arrow keys:  Move left and right
Space bar (ground):  Jump
Space bar (air):  Neutralize velocity
Mouse scroll:  Zoom in or out
Middle mouse button:  Return to default zoom

// NOTES:
Certain parts of the game are a little bugged, such as player orientation, and
some parts of some levels are badly designed, because I am no level designer.
The main purpose of this is to showcase my physics engine.

// BUILDING:
Needs:
SFML2 (The beta version),
Box2D

When compiling, make sure you link to all the SFML2 and Box2D libraries
and headers.
Might create a makefile eventually, but it will only work on Linux/BSD systems;
at this point, especially with the beta libraries needed, it is easier to compile
and link yourself anyway.
